Two friends, Jen and Laura, talk about some of the difficulties they have in staying in touch.
We got along in work and although like we're doing very different things now and that has an impact like on when we can meet up and stuff.
You've got kids and I'm studying.
You'll have kids too.
I'm going to have kids too, yeah, which will change things again.
Yeah.
So it's made it difficult to stay in like close contact because we were kind of operating in different like...
And I don't drive as well.
I think if I drove it'd be easier because I could just bring you and Shamro or you two up to come down for an hour.
Like it's not viable to come down for an hour when you don't drive because this journey is what 20 minutes from where I live in a car.
But it's like 45 minutes on a train and then it's 20 minute walk.
So it doesn't work out.
So if we see each other it's like on the weekends.
Yeah, and for a couple of hours, isn't it?
Yeah, we like doing a thing.
I'm like seeing something or going somewhere because of the practicalities.
Yeah.
But yeah, no, well, I guess that we've stayed in contact because we enjoyed each other's company and we both valued the friendship and the things we got from that.
And plus you're the best godmother ever.
And we are.
Just be honest.
You know, she loves her Auntie Jen.
My godmother.
Yeah, you'll be living with her now, carry on.
Tell her that all the time.
She's like, I will move there.
I'm like, yeah, I bet you would as well.
We're waiting for her to knock on the door.
Come for an email, V.
She'll never move me then.
I'm not doing teenagers.
Give her a 4-ed.
I think she'll be in teenage years before 13.
She already is.
She already is, obviously.